Update contributing guide (#3556)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

   ```

4. Create a new branch to work on:

    > Group your branch into a category using a prefix for your branch name, like `feature/`, `ci/`, `bugfix/`, `doc/`.

   ```sh
   git checkout -b feature/your-branch
   ```

> 5. Once the changes are finished, make sure there are no warnings on the code. For debugging you can [run the unit tests](#unit-tests) and [end-to-end tests](#e2e-tests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once the changes are finished, make sure there are no warnings in the code. For debugging you can [run the unit tests](#unit-tests) and [end-to-end tests](#e2e-tests).
```

Reviewer: I know not related to your changes and very nitpicky but just found this. Apart from that it lgtm.

Author: thanks!

6. To test your changes on a cluster use

    > Pushing to the default container registry (`quay.io/dynatrace/dynatrace-operator`) requires specific permissions.
    > You can use your own container registry by setting the `IMAGE` environment variable to a different value.

    1. Connect to a cluster using `kubectl`
    2. Use make commands to build and deploy your operator as follows:

    ```sh
    make build && make deploy
    ```

7. Create a pull request from the fork ([see guide](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/)), with a proper title and fill out the description template. Once everything is ready, set the PR ready for review.

> 8. A maintainer will review the pull request and make comments.Prefer adding additional commits over amending and force-pushing since it can be difficult to follow code reviews when the commit history changes. Commits will be squashed when they're merged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. A maintainer will review the pull request and make comments. It's preferable to add additional commits over amending and force-pushing since it can be difficult to follow code reviews when the commit history changes. Commits will be squashed when they're merged.
```

#### Installing _mockery_

> Mockery is installed by running (see [docs](https://vektra.github.io/mockery/latest/installation/#go-install) for further information)

Reviewer 3: why not
```
make prerequisites/mockery
```
?
